[Music]
today I'm doing something I never
thought I would seriously do on this
channel join a family-friendly Christian
minecraft server and not just any
Christian server Oh No the Vatican's
minecraft server can we talk about how
this actually exists now the server was
opened by a vatican priest with the
intention of creating a non toxic
environment for Christians to play
Minecraft in good intentions but of
course on the internet when you make
something like this it's very easy to
become a target the server was
advertised in several publications such
as PC gamer and Business Insider right
after this server opened it was hit with
DDoS attacks and was the target of
trolls many of them coming from fortunes
V board I doubt anyone was surprised by
this but all memes and jokes aside after
hearing about it in the news I became
highly interested in joining the server
for myself to see what kind of
environment you get with Christians and
trolls clash with each other constantly
today we explore the Vatican's family
friendly Christian minecraft server what
could possibly go wrong
oh god this is gonna be so scuffed I can
already tell oh man here we go
so welcome fit to digital Jess ooh boy
there's people swearing and shout all
ready already first second of the actual
tour going live and people are already
using some non family-friendly language
well here we are on the Vatican's
minecraft server and it looks just like
you would expect a vatican minecraft
server to look like there's I mean
there's a little Church here to get us
started I'm sure the rules are in here
alright the first rules be kind do not
cheat hack or exploit I got you I won't
I promise be respectful to everyone do
not behave provocative and do not be a
goo
do not grief do not steal okay so no fun
no swastikas no upside-down burning
crosses that make sense
anarchy in the nether no protection no
anti afk no afk farming or lagged
farming okay okay just throwing it out
there
I already recognized to be two t players
in chats so this place has already been
infected by the toxicity oh boy what's
this a grave
r.i.p griefers and hackers why why do i
feel like this is foreshadowing this is
definitely foreshadowing now that is
something i was not expecting to see on
the vatican's minecraft server i mean
already this is just this is just such a
weird surreal place like how does this
server actually exist it's mind-boggling
alright let's see if we can parkour
across these posts hopefully my vanilla
minecraft skills are not completely
rusty alright up but there we go great
just great
well anyway we gonna spoil the town now
at least let me get up here I'm not
gonna hack okay I'm hacking oh let's see
here there's the even the road colour is
very well I'm just very surprised that
it's it is the way it is on the VAT eh
oh my god a swastika on the vatican's
minecraft server I thought that was
against the rules
this is so cursed right now this is so
cursed oh my god I thought to be Tutsi
was bad but I mean to be fair it is just
this priest running the server so I mean
it's probably tough for him to be online
at all times - like sensor a lot of this
stuff that goes on man but I mean when
you try to open a minecraft server
that's a toxic free place and you
advertise it as such you're going to
attract the opposite that's the
contrarian nature of trolls on the
Internet you know I mean it's just this
is going to be a learning experience to
say the least I have yet to see a single
person get banned for language so far so
maybe the mods are asleep but there's no
grief
on these builds so the fact that some of
them are standing like this the trolls
haven't been that successful I guess I
got some food now I'm gonna kind of
explore this area over here and I will
with that what what oh my god is this a
sign from the Lord they're just
appearing in front of me right now oh my
god
oh sorry if interrupting it's ok God you
can interrupt me whatever you want it's
ok what are you gonna say to me Lord
this is a miracle I'm witnessing right
now God is trying to slide into fit MCS
DMS that's a new one no oh it's probably
just an administrator that's ghosting me
right now
well I you need to be on my best
behavior then don't I yep I'm nothing to
see here I'm just playing Minecraft
getting some wood getting some tools
playing the game normally just a good
Christian boy get my stone tools yep
nothing to see here move along move
along that's right the server is lagging
a lot right now I bet you it's being
DDoS
I guarantee it I guarantee it lag has
not gotten any better I would bet money
that's a DDoS attack absolutely what's
and would you look at that like pottery
folks like pottery alright we're back
online the server was down for about 10
minutes so you know it the trolls took
it down for a decent amount of time I
guess no rest for the weary and no rest
for the wicked either all there's a band
for swastikas okay so people are
actually getting banned for that stuff
alright so there is some administration
going on you know I got to say being a
bald guy on this server
I am overpowered I mean even in the
Bible bald guys are overpowered remember
that one passage from two kings where
those little kids were making fun of
that guy for being bald so he cursed
them in the name of the Lord
and two bears came out of the wilderness
and mauled 42 children ripped him to
pieces
god I love that Bible verse so much but
anyway I don't see any bears around here
so I can't use any to my advantage sadly
let's check out the spawn point one more
time so now that I've got my hacks
turned on I really kind of want to start
seeing how badly this server can be
broken you know I'm not talking anything
super crazy but I mean just like
movement exploits what is allowed and
what is not allowed can I speed hack can
i jesus hack across the water can I walk
on water you know there's so many things
I want to try out right now the server
is pretty populated right now a lot of
people are actually like genuinely
interested in this server which hey more
power to you
well I saw that you used kill aura I'm
not stupid I heard the sound so looks
like I'm not the only person hacking on
this server right now which only
reaffirms my suspicions there's to be
two T players here definitely something
I have noticed so far is that even
though this is a Vatican minecraft
server I don't see anybody speaking
Italian all right now I don't see anyone
speaking it's mainly everyone's English
this guy's been following me so it's
time to use some speed hacks to really
get out of here
wait for it there we go so even this
looks like vanilla like sprint jumping
but it's actually a little bit faster so
it's a very subtle speed hack but the
guy's still keeping up so just as I
thought he's hacking as well
man this server is full of hackers
everyone's breaking the rules
I mean it's wild even though the
vatican's server it tries to be family
friendly it tries to put those rules in
place look at this I'm just openly speed
hacking right now and there's water it's
time to do as Jesus would do I am
walking on water I am Jesus Christ
everybody vid MC is doing as Jesus would
do as your Messiah I urge you to hit
that subscribe button right now oh yes
now it's going to the nether ah
but not to be fair I was cheating but
they were watching me God is always
watching you on the vatican's minecraft
server my thoughts on this server
overall from a Minecrafters perspective
it's not a bad server it's got your
survival it's got some moderation going
on but as far as this vision of the
family-friendly christian minecraft
server the server definitely has some
work to do but you know like I said I
actually applaud Padre for trying
something like this you know I mean in
this day and age and the Internet to do
something like this actually is pretty
bold so he has my respect 100% well I
guess if I want to play right now I'm
gonna have to hop on an alternate
minecraft account which speaking of
which I have so many minecraft accounts
that I use that it can be hard to
remember all of my passwords
- lame makes it easy to manage
everything they autofill all your
personal info like addresses credit
cards passwords etc they also have a VPN
so you won't be tracked when you're
browsing the Internet and can access
content in any country they generate
super secure passwords plus all the
passwords that you do store with them
are encrypted making a password manager
the safest place to store your info to
install for free on your first device go
to - lang comm slash fit MC and you can
use code fit MC for an additional 10%
off additional devices that's it for
today's video everyone let me know what
you thought of this type of video down
in the comments because I love doing to
be TT content but side content like this
I also enjoy you know it's kind of good
to mix it up once in a while but let me
know what you thought of the video down
in the comments thank you so much for
watching
take it easy fit fam and we'll see you
next time
[Music]